Add reader for Jobin-yvon .xml-format (#25)
hyperspy/rosettasciio: upcoming_changes/25.new.rst

> Add support for reading the ``.xml``-format from Jobin-Yvon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for reading the ``.xml``-format from Horiba Jobin Yvon's LabSpec software.
```
